# CV

This folder includes Liz Munch's files for generating her CV.  It's relatively file-directory specific so apologies, you might need to modify the content to your particular needs. 

The main things to find in here are:

- `LizCV-EDIT-ME.tex` which is the main tex file that I actually edit. 
- `WebsiteToCV.py` which is they python code I run from the `CompileCV`folder to generate teh finished product. 
- `GeneratePublicationJSON.py` which converts from the bib file with my publication list into the json I use [for my website](http://elizabethmunch.com/research)
- `MyPublications.bib` which is where I track my publications and they get auto included into the CV.
- `talks.json` where I track talks I give and they also get automatically included into the CV
- `teaching.json` same as above.

# Website

The raw files are also included for generating Liz's website. The orignal framework was developed by Lindsay Stanek Wild. Now all content is included and maintained by Liz. 

# Bibliography keywords

The bib file is setup to check for certain keywords to add papers to the correct CV section, as well as to be generated correctly for the research page of my website. 

The sections of my CV are generated by including the following keywords:
- **Preprints**: `inSubmission`
- **Journal articles**: `journal`
- **CS Conferences**: `conferenceTop`
- **Other conferences**: `conference`
- **Book chapters**: `book`
- **Datasets**: `dataset`
- **Everything else**: `other`

Some other keywords in there that no longer do anything are `preprint`, `arxiv`, and `biorxiv`. 


To handle things on the JSON file that generates the [research page](elizabethmunch.com/research), we have the following setup. 

- Anything with the keywords  `dataset` or `not_on_website`  are dropped.
- For bioRxiv, I have to modify the bibtex file
  - Set `eprinttype = {bioRxiv}`
  - Set `eprint = {DOI}`
  - Note that bioRxiv (and now arXiv) have DOIs now, so I leave those also as a `DOI = {}` entry. In particular, the above solution results in a dead link next to bioRxiv (how to fix???) but the DOI link will work. Then when the paper is converted to a published paper, the DOI is switched to the published DOI but the bioRxiv version is left alone. 